feat(Comlink reference): Documenting Map operations (#105)
superfaceai/docs: docs/comlink/reference/map.mdx

}
```

## Operation
An operation is a block of code that performs a specific task and returns a value.

Operations are useful for:
- writing code that's reused multiple times
- abstracting away more complex mapping operations

> - breaking up a large Comlink Maps into smaller, manageable pieces.

Reviewer: Yep, I think that's enough, linking examples would also be nice, I'll dig up the Facebook operations I was thinking of

> - breaking up a large Comlink Maps into smaller, manageable pieces.

Author: I'll use [this one](https://github.com/superfaceai/station/blob/e7bb9736fe6257344a1727f7ceb8ea000fd17c88/grid/social-media/publish-post/maps/facebook.suma#L228-L243)?

Operations can also make HTTP calls.

For example, the operation for converting temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit looks like this:

```hcl title="Simple operation"
operation CelsiusToFahrenheit {
  tempInCelsius = args.temperature
  tempInFahrenheit = (tempInCelsius * 1.8) + 32
  
  return tempInFahrenheit
}
```

The operation expects `temperature` keyword argument, calculates the Fahrenheit temperature and returns it.

The caller then uses the operation in the following way:

```hcl title="Calling operation" {4-6}
map HomeTemperature {
  // ...
  
  feelsLikeF = call CelsiusToFahrenheit(
    temperature = body.feels_like
  )
}
```

The caller invokes the operation and passes value from `body.feels_like` as a `temperature` keyword argument. The returned value is assigned to `feelsLikeF` variable.

### Defining operation
Operations can be defined at top level of Comlink Map using the following syntax:

```hcl

> operation FulfilOrder { ... }

Author: This was a never-ending battle when working at e-commerce 🙈 Will accept the suggestion 👍

  orderData = { ... }
  
  fulfilledOrder = call FulfilOrder(order = orderData)
  
  // ...
}
```

The code above calls `FulfilOrder` operation and stores the result in `fulfilledOrder` variable. The `orderData` is passed as the value for `order` keyword argument.

There is no try-catch mechanism when calling the operation in-place. If the operation runs into `fail` branch, the call fails silently and an empty value (e.g. `undefined`) is assigned as the result of the call.

If the operation has `fail` branch and you need to handle the failure gracefully, use the operation [call with handler](#calling-with-handler).

#### Calling with handler
Operation can also be called with outcome handler. The operation is called, and the the call outcome is handled inside an explicit code block.

This is useful if the called operation has `fail` branch which needs to be handled gracefully.

The outcome can be accessed via `outcome` context variable inside the handler block:
- `outcome.data` — the result value returned by `return`
- `outcome.error` — the error value returned by `fail`

```hcl title="Operation call with handler" {5-14}
map MakeFulfillment {
  // ...
  orderData = { ... }
  

>   call FulfilOrder(order = orderData) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  call FulfillOrder(order = orderData) {
```

    map error if (outcome.error) {
      title = "Fulfilment Failed"
      detail = outcome.error.reason
    }

    fulfilledOrder = outcome.data.fulfilledOrder
		
    // ...
  }
}
```

> The code above calls `FulfilOrder` operation. If the operation errors with `fail`, the `MakeFulfillment` use case is mapped to an expected error including some details. Otherwise, the returned value is assigned to `fulfilledOrder` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code above calls `FulfilOrder` operation. If the operation errors out with `fail`, the `MakeFulfillment` use case is mapped to an expected error including its details. Otherwise, the returned value is assigned to the `fulfilledOrder` variable.
```

> Operation call with handler cannot be used inside HTTP response handler directly. It can only be used:

Author: You mean the fact that this operation call type cannot be used inside response handler?

I was also surprised when this errored when I was trying out the code samples during authoring this doc. But then I found this is actually [by default](https://superface.ai/docs/comlink/map#sec-HTTP-Response), have a look at the `HTTPResponseSlot`.

As for the reasoning, I'm thinking this might be to prefer expressions over unhandled statements? 🤷‍♂️

> Operation call with handler cannot be used inside HTTP response handler directly. It can only be used:

Reviewer: Whoa, alright!
